{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Friendly Character Generator - form questions\
===================================\
\
Tell me about your play style!\
\
1. When playing, I prefer to\'85\
	a. fight!\
	b. think and solve puzzles!\
	c. talk as my character!\
\
(1.5 - sub menu that opens up)\
\
a. When fighting, I like to\'85\
	aa. deal lots of damage with my weapon!\
	bb. receive lots of damage and never die!\
	cc. sneak around and attack while hidden!\
	dd. cast lots of spells! / use lots of technology!\
\
b. When thinking and solving puzzles I like to\'85\
	aa. cast lots of spells! / use lots of technology!\
	bb. find clues and notice important details!\
	cc. know lots about any topic!\
\
c. When talking as my character, I like to\'85\
	aa. be an inspiring leader!\
	bb. be a performer! / be in disguise!\
	cc. lie and manipulate others!\
	dd. seduce people!\
\
\
\
2. I like to have powers that\'85\
	a. deal extra damage!\
	b. heal and protect others!\
	c. give me super-stealth!\
	d. give me super-intelligence!\
	e. help me control others!\
\
\
\
3. I want to filter out\'85 [select all that apply]\
	a. magic!\
	b. guns!\
	c. computers!\
	d. non-humans!\
	e. evil alignments!\
	f. seduction! / sex!\
 \
\
4. (Wildcard Questions, based on the questions & filters above)\
}